feat(auth): add final auth docs batch (#6192)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/lib/auth/mfa/q/platform/[platform].mdx

<Callout>

> **Note:** The [device tracking and remembering](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/tracking-and-remembering-devices-using-amazon-cognito-your-user-pools/) features are currently not available within the library when using the federated OAuth flow with Cognito User Pools or Hosted UI.
> 
> Additionally, device tracking is not supported when the User Pool has a configuration to sign-in with `email/phone_number` or `alias` and when the
> `signIn` API passes `USER_PASSWORD_AUTH` as the `authFlowType`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The [device tracking and remembering](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mobile/tracking-and-remembering-devices-using-amazon-cognito-your-user-pools/) features are not available if any of the following conditions are met:
- the federated OAuth flow with Cognito User Pools or Hosted UI is used, or
- the User Pool uses `email/phone_number` or `alias` sign-in method, or
- when the `signIn` API uses the `USER_PASSWORD_AUTH` as the `authFlowType`.

```
